Suggest contributors to create a new branch to work on a new issue (#638)
pythonindia/junction: .github/CONTRIBUTING.rst

self-contained, and limited in scope. Studies have shown that review quality
falls off as patch size grows. Sometimes this will result in many small PRs to
land a single large feature.
Checklist:

1. Always create a new branch to work on a new issue::

    $ git checkout -b <branch-name>

> 2. Make sure your branch is rebased with upstream master before you file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Make sure your branch is up-to-date with upstream master before you file
```

Checklist:

> 1. Always create a new branch to work on a new issue.

Author: I was also thinking to mention the naming convention of the branch that would created as in the name should be related to the changes you're doing. Also we could add a command to show how to create a new branch.

But felt like those information would be redundant, suggestions?

Reviewer 2: Yes you can add the command `git checkout -b <branch-name>` . Helpful for new comers. We should actually add a getting started with git link somwhere.

Author: Added the command.

@ananyo2012 Let me know a good git getting started guide that you prefer, I will try to plug it in as note before the `Checklist`

2. Make sure your branch is rebased with upstream master before you file
   a pull request.
3. All pull requests *must* be made against the ``master`` branch.
4. Include tests for any functionality you implement. Contributions that
   improve existing tests are welcome.
5. Update documentation as necessary and provide documentation for any new
   functionality.
6. In case of UI changes, please include screenshots.

> 7. Add yourself to ``CONTRIBUTORS.txt`` if you're not there already. :)

Author: I couldn't find the file ``CONTRIBUTORS.txt``,  so created an [issue](https://github.com/pythonindia/junction/issues/635) regarding it. Let me know the issue is valid, I could make the changes related to that in this pr only.

Reviewer: Yea, go ahead and remove this line.

I plan on revamping the README at a later date.

Author: Done.
